OKTA-620014 Updates to Web App with Redirect Quickstart (#4295)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-redirect/main/python/getuserinfo.md

> After a user signs in, the application has ID and access tokens from Okta in session store. In this section, you create a simple profile page that uses an access token to query for and display a user's basic information.

Reviewer: either a session store or session storage
```suggestion
After a user signs in, the application has ID and access tokens from Okta in session storage. In this section, you create a simple profile page that uses an access token to query for and display a user's basic information.
```

1. Create **templates**/**profile.html**.

> 1. Add the code to display the user's name once signed in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the code to display the user's name after the user signs in:
```
